This branch incorporates far2l extensions, originally added to the
PuTTY client by Ivan Sorokin, into the current PuTTY codebase.

Original putty4far2l repository is here:

    https://github.com/unxed/putty4far2l

Technical details about far2l terminal extensions can be found here:

    https://github.com/cyd01/KiTTY/issues/74#issuecomment-626917718

Added additional CMake build option STATIC_MSVC_CRT = ON | OFF
for statically linking Microsoft Visual C runtime library.
By default MSVCRT is linked dynamically.

---

This is the README for PuTTY, a free Windows and Unix Telnet and SSH
client.

PuTTY is built using CMake <https://cmake.org/>. To compile in the
simplest way (on any of Linux, Windows or Mac), run these commands in
the source directory:

  cmake .
  cmake --build .

Then, to install in the simplest way on Linux or Mac:

  cmake --build . --target install

On Unix, pterm would like to be setuid or setgid, as appropriate, to
permit it to write records of user logins to /var/run/utmp and
/var/log/wtmp. (Of course it will not use this privilege for
anything else, and in particular it will drop all privileges before
starting up complex subsystems like GTK.) The cmake install step
doesn't attempt to add these privileges, so if you want user login
recording to work, you should manually ch{own,grp} and chmod the
pterm binary yourself after installation. If you don't do this,
pterm will still work, but not update the user login databases.

Documentation (in various formats including Windows Help and Unix
`man' pages) is built from the Halibut (`.but') files in the `doc'
subdirectory. If you aren't using one of our source snapshots,
you'll need to do this yourself. Halibut can be found at
<https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/halibut/>.

The PuTTY home web site is

    https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/

If you want to send bug reports or feature requests, please read the
Feedback section of the web site before doing so. Sending one-line
reports saying `it doesn't work' will waste your time as much as
ours.

See the file LICENCE for the licence conditions.
